# How to Contribute #

We're always looking for people to help make Checkrr even better, there are a number of ways to contribute.

## Licensing and Authorship

All contributions must be authored by the submitter, with a few exceptions such as porting changes from another
fork while maintaining attributions. This additionally means that content sourced from LLMs such as ChatGPT or Claude are not allowed
as they do not have any authorship, and additionally the provenance of this kind of content is legally and morally questionable at best.
If you are porting content from another fork, you must arrange your commits such that the original authorship is preserved, i.e. the 
commits should appear in your branch the same as they do in the fork you pulled them from with the Author field indicating the original author.  
You must additionally perform due diligence that the changes you are porting are themselves authored by a human and not generated by a LLM.

## Development ##

### Tools required ###
- IDE of your choice (VS Code/Sublime Text/Atom/Goland/etc)
- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
- [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (Node 20.X.X or higher)
- [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation)
- [Go](https://go.dev/dl/)
- [FFMpeg](https://www.ffmpeg.org/download.html)

### Contributing Code ###
- Rebase from checkrr's main branch, don't merge.
- Make meaningful commits, or squash them.
- Feel free to make a pull request before work is complete, this will let us see where it's at and make comments/suggest improvements.
- Reach out to us on the discord if you have any questions.
- Commit with *nix line endings for consistency.
- One feature/bug fix per pull request to keep things clean and easy to understand.

### Building ###
- You can build checkrr from source via this one-liner: `cd webserver && pnpm install && pnpm build && cd .. && go build`
- Please note, if you build checkrr yourself, you will be told to download the official release if you open an issue for a bug.

### Pull Requests ###
- We'll try to respond to pull requests as soon as possible, if it has been a day or two, please reach out to us, we may have missed it.
- Please keep pull requests to new features, bug fixes, or documentation. No-op changes like whitespace will be summarily closed.
- Do not submit Pull Requests generated by LLMs. They will be summarily rejected.

### Feature Requests and Bug Reports ###
- Where possible, follow the issue template as it provides needed or useful information when fixing a bug or implementing a feature.
- Only bug reports for the latest release of checkrr will be accepted. Do not submit a bug report for a build off the main branch.
- Do not submit Feature Requests or Bug Reports generated by LLMs. They will be summarily rejected.
